Glossary
=======

- **Behavioral Analytics platform** - is a Hadoop cluster with map/reduce jobs that can be run in the cluster. There are two map/reduce jobs: transaction log generator and recommendation processor.
- **Transaction** - is the set of ID of unique products from product catalog, which  was purchased together by single user at once.
- **Transaction log** - is the set of transactions.
- Recommendation processor - is the map/reduce job, that implements improved version of PFP-growth algorithm and extracts associative rules out of transaction log and present them as recommendations.
- **Associative rules** - are if-then statements based on attribute value conditions that occur frequently together in a given transaction log.
- **PFP algorithm** - is acronym of Parallel Frequent Patterns Growth algorithm, see more information [here](http://infolab.stanford.edu/~echang/recsys08-69.pdf)
- **Recommendations** - is the set of association rules in form of hash-map, where the key is  set of ID of selected item(s) and the value is set of IDs of items usually purchased together with selected item(s)ю
- **Recommendation engine** -  is the part of sample store web UI that operates with recommendations, generated by recommendation processor, and refresh recommendation view after each change of shopping cart.
- **Hadoop.** In our starter kit we are using two services from Hadoop ecosystem: HDFS and MapReduce in minimal cluster configuration: one master node with namenode and jobtracker services and many slaves with datanode and tasktracker service. 
- **Mahout** - is a library for machine learning. It contains  implementation of well known algorithms. In our starter we are using PFP Growth implementation.
- **Ganglia** - is a monitoring tools. Hadoop services are send metrics to Ganglia and Ganglia show it in pretty graphs.
- **Broadleaf** - is open source ecommerce framework. We’ve get sample store and add some features: import/export product catalog, import recommendation and show recommendation in basket.
- **Chef** - is configuration management system. We are using chef in solo mode to customize virtual machines.
- **Qubell.** The Qubell Adaptive Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS) is a multi-tenant service that provides the enterprise clients with an open, extendable and highly customizable application management automation platform for development, testing, deployment and operational support of complex multi-tier applications on heterogeneous cloud and non-cloud infrastructures.  It manage high level logic of deployment and maintenance processes for application in cluster/cloud environment.
